CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to the pyOpenSci Python package template


Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit
helps, and credit will always be given.

## Example Contributions

You can contribute in many ways, for example:

* [Report bugs](#report-bugs)
* [Fix Bugs](#fix-bugs)
* [Implement Features](#implement-features)
* [Write Documentation](#write-documentation)
* [Submit Feedback](#submit-feedback)

### Report Bugs

Report bugs at https://github.com//juno/issues.

**If you are reporting a bug, please follow the template guidelines. The more
detailed your report, the easier and thus faster we can help you.**

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything labelled with `bug` and
`help wanted` is open to whoever wants to implement it. When you decide to work on such
an issue, please assign yourself to it and add a comment that you'll be working on that,
too. If you see another issue without the `help wanted` label, just post a comment, the
maintainers are usually happy for any support that they can get.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything labelled with
`enhancement` and `help wanted` is open to whoever wants to implement it. As
for [fixing bugs](#fix-bugs), please assign yourself to the issue and add a comment that
you'll be working on that, too. If another enhancement catches your fancy, but it
doesn't have the `help wanted` label, just post a comment, the maintainers are usually
happy for any support that they can get.

### Write Documentation

juno could always use more documentation, whether as
part of the official documentation, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog
posts, articles, and such. Just [open an issue](https://github.com//
juno/issues) to let us know what you will be working on
so that we can provide you with guidance.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/
/juno/issues. If your feedback fits the format of one of
the issue templates, please use that. Remember that this is a volunteer-driven
project and everybody has limited time.

## Get Started!

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up juno for
local development.

1. Fork the https://github.com//juno
   repository on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally

    ```shell
    git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/juno.git
    ```

3. [Install hatch](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/install/).

4. Create a branch for local development using the default branch (typically `main`)
   as a starting
   point. Use `fix` or `feat` as a prefix for your branch name.

    ```shell
    git checkout main
    git checkout -b fix-name-of-your-bugfix
    ```

    Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, apply the quality assurance tools and check
   that your changes pass our test suite. This is all included with tox

    ```shell
    hatch run test:run
    ```

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub. Please use [semantic
   commit messages](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/).

    ```shell
    git add .
    git commit -m "fix: summarize your changes"
    git push -u origin fix-name-of-your-bugfix
    ```

7. Open the link displayed in the message when pushing your new branch in order
   to submit a pull request.

### Pull Request Guidelines

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put your
   new functionality into a function with a docstring.
3. Your pull request will automatically be checked by the full test suite.
   It needs to pass all of them before it can be considered for merging.


## Local development


To work on the template locally, you can call the copier template directly. Note that by default, `copier` uses the latest tag in your commit history. To ensure it uses the latest commit on your current active branch use:

`copier copy -r HEAD /path/to/your/template destination-dir`

If you want to test it against the latest tag in your local commit history, you can use:

`copier copy /path/to/your/template destination-dir`

## Run the tests

You can use Hatch to run all of the tests for the template:

`hatch run test:run`


See our [DEVELOPMENT guide](DEVELOPMENT.md) for more information on local development.

Commit message:

Fix: contributing guide for template

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to the pyOpenSci Python package template


Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit
helps, and credit will always be given.

## Example Contributions

You can contribute in many ways, for example:

* [Report bugs](#report-bugs)
* [Fix Bugs](#fix-bugs)
* [Implement Features](#implement-features)
* [Write Documentation](#write-documentation)
* [Submit Feedback](#submit-feedback)

### Report Bugs

Report bugs at https://github.com/pyopensci/pyos-package-template/issues.

**If you are reporting a bug, please follow the template guidelines. The more
detailed your report, the easier and thus faster we can help you.**

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything labelled with `bug` and
`help wanted` is open to whoever wants to implement it. When you decide to work on such
an issue, please assign yourself to it and add a comment that you'll be working on that,
too. If you see another issue without the `help wanted` label, just post a comment, the
maintainers are usually happy for any support that they can get.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything labelled with
`enhancement` and `help wanted` is open to whoever wants to implement it. As
for [fixing bugs](#fix-bugs), please assign yourself to the issue and add a comment that
you'll be working on that, too. If another enhancement catches your fancy, but it
doesn't have the `help wanted` label, just post a comment, the maintainers are usually
happy for any support that they can get.

### Write Documentation

Our `pyos-package-template` could always use more documentation, whether as
part of the official documentation, in docstrings, an update to our Contributing or Development guide. To contribute, [open an issue](https://github.com//
pyopensci/pyos-package-template/issues) to let us know what you will be working on
so that we can provide you with guidance.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/
/pyopensci/pyos-package-template. If your feedback fits the format of one of
the issue templates, please use that. Remember that this is a volunteer-driven
project and everybody has limited time.

## Get Started!

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up for
local development.

1. Fork the https://github.com/pyopensci/pyos-package-template
   repository on GitHub.
2. Clone your fork locally

    ```shell
    git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/pyos-package-template.git
    ```

3. [Install hatch](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/install/).

4. Create a branch for local development using the default branch (typically `main`)
   as a starting
   point. Use `fix` or `feat` as a prefix for your branch name.

    ```shell
    git checkout main
    git checkout -b fix-name-of-your-bugfix
    ```

    Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, apply the quality assurance tools and check
   that your changes pass our test suite. This is all included with tox

    ```shell
    hatch run test:run
    ```

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub. Please use [semantic commit messages](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/).

    ```shell
    git add .
    git commit -m "fix: summarize your changes"
    git push -u origin fix-name-of-your-bugfix
    ```

7. Open the link displayed in the message when pushing your new branch in order
   to submit a pull request.

### Pull Request Guidelines

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests or test modifications as needed.
2. If needed, please add documentation around a change that you make by updating our DEVELOPMENT.md file.
3. Your pull request will automatically be checked by the full test suite.
   It needs to pass all tests before it can be considered for merging.

## Local development

To work on the template locally, you can call the copier template directly. Note that by default, `copier` uses the latest tag in your commit history. To ensure it uses the latest commit on your current active branch use:

`copier copy -r HEAD /path/to/your/template destination-dir`

If you want to test it against the latest tag in your local commit history, you can use:

`copier copy /path/to/your/template destination-dir`

## Run the tests

You can use Hatch to run all of the tests for the template:

`hatch run test:run`

See our [DEVELOPMENT guide](DEVELOPMENT.md) for more information on local development.
